---
layout: page
title: Biography
permalink: /about/
---
The Øresund Space Collective was formed in April 2004. The collective is a group of Danish, Swedish and American musicians that get together as often as possible for free form improvised space rock music. The flavour of the music is different with each session. The jams can often combine complex interplay between guitar and synthesizer as well intense drumming and bass playing. We enter into the genre of funk, jazz, reggae and space and stoner rock as we improvise our way along. The jam sessions alternate between Malmö and København across the Øresund bridge! The core of the collective features current and former members of the Danish bands Mantric Muse and Gas Giant as well as the Swedish bands Bland Bladen, Derango, and the Carpet Knights. Occasionally other musicians join as well from other Swedish and Danish bands like the Sgt Sunshine, Siena Root, Drahk von Trip, Sumo Sun, The Univerzals, and Kaabel. Recently, has also been joined by Sula Bassana from Germany and most recently Claus Bøhling from Secret Oyster and Hurdy Gurdy fame. In 2018. Martin Weaver (Dark, Wicked Lady) has begun to play with the band in Portugal.

The collective records all of the jam sessions and makes these available to fans via the web site in MP3 format. We currently have over 40 hours of material on the web site for free download. The bands debut CD was released on the Transubstans label (www.recoredheaven.net) from Malmö, Sweden in January 2006. IT was a limited edition of 500 numbered copies for the first pressing. The band has also released a series of 12 CD-Rs called Picks from Space which feature the best of the jam sessions 1-27. In March 2006, the band completed its latest studio session. This was released in October 2006 as a double CD in a deluxe DVD case and called “It’s all about Delay”. The bands 3rd CD, The Black Tomato, was released in a deluxe digpack format in 1000 copies in August 2007. The bands 4th CD was released on Sept 26th, 2008 on the Sulatron Label and it is called Inside your Head. Good planets are hard to Find, out 5th CD is came out in Feb. 2009 on Transubstans. The Dead Man in Space vinyl LP was released in 300 copies on the Kommun2/Pariah Child labels. The CD Slip into the Vortex came out in June 2010 on Transubstans. The deal with Dead man in Space to be released in Japan fell through so we released this on our own Space Rock Productions in April 2011. Our performance from the Roadburn Festival in 2010 was released on a double vinyl only release in May 2011. The bands first release with Claus Bøhling from Secret Oyster, Hurdy Gurdy, Elektrum fame was called Entering into the Space Country in July 2011 as a vinyl and digital download release only on the Kommun2 record label. In November 2011 we released the Sleeping with the Sunworm digpack CD in 500 numbered copies. THis was recorded at the same sessions as Slip into the Vortex and features one 56mins jam. In May 2012, the companion on Entering into the Space Company called Phaze your Fears was released on vinyl on our own Space Rock Productions label. It was recorded the same day in the studio and same line up as Entering into the Space Country. Summer 2012 saw the release of the West, Space and Love record. This was a chilled out album of just guitar, sitar, hand drums and synths recorded at the Space Station Studios CPH and featured Love and KG from Siena Root and Dr. Space. There was a limited edition pressing with around 120 hand painted covers and 80 others with only a printed sheet. All were hand numbered. A second press of 500 was made as well. In Oct 2012 the band toured the Balkan countries and released the Give your Brain a rest from the Matrix CD in a digipack format in 500 copies. THis was a new studio session with a lot of sitar from KG, pedal steel from Mattias (My brother the Wind) and guitar by Claus Bøhling as well as the normal OSC cast.. Jan 2013 saw the release of our long sold out debut album from 2006 on a double vinyl in only 300 copies. This sold out in a week. In May we released the Entering into the Space Country and Phaze your Fears in a double CD with new artwork. In May, we played two concerts in Hamburg and gave away free a CD of multitrack mixes from our Oct 2012 tour. In June, a split 7″ with the Danish band Papir was released on the Transubstans label in Sweden. In July, a double vinyl record from the Kildemose Festival was released. This is a local festival, we have played every year since 2008. Nov 2013 saw the release of our new studio album featuring American guitarist Daniel Lars called Organic earthly Flotation. THis was released on vinyl in 500 copies. In 2014 we will release a triple live record with Damo Suzuki, Its all about delay (our 2nd release from 2006) in a 4LP box set and a new double studio LP/CD. 2015 saw the release of the double LP/CD, Music for Pogonologists. In 2016 we released the Differenct Creatures 3LP set as well as a triple CD live from our 10 year anniversary concert at Loppen. In May 2016, the Ode to a Black Hole LP/CD was released, the bands 21st release. A European tour was made in support of the LP. At the end of 2016, a new double LP was released called Visions of as well as a double LP from our concert in Trondheim, Norway in 2007. 2017 saw the release of a split LP with Maat Lander and a new studio album called Hallucinations inside the Oracle, featuring amazing Ed Unitsky artwork. May 2018 will see the band head off to play gigs in Denmark, Holland, Germany, Austria and Belgium in support of the Chatoyant Breath 2LP /CD release which features Gary Arce from Yawning Man. 2018 and 2019 were extremely active with several studio albums (Kybalion, Freakout in the Fjord), two live albums- Live in Berlin and Live in Tampere. 2020 will see another studio album and limited edition live CD-rs..

The band has headlined and played numerous festivals across Europe in Finland, Denmark, Sweden, Germamy, Holland, Switzerland and Belgium.

The Main Collective Members in 2019 are: Jonathan- Guitar, Violin, Nicklas- Guitars, Effects, Vemund- Guitars, Hasse- bass, Jocke- Bass, Guitar, Jiri- Bass, Scott- Synthesizer, Mogens- Synthesizers, and Tim- Drums. The line up is changing all the time though with new and old people coming and going. over 50 musicians have played in the Collective over the last 10 years.

If you are interested in booking the band for concerts or festivals, please contact us at the address below.

Øresund Space Collective c/o Scott Heller

(351) 914 960 820
oresundspacecollective (at) gmail.com