---
layout: post
title: "Øresund Space Collective - Session 23"
date: 2006-08-21
category: diary
---

### Øresund Space Collective Session 23 - Malmöfestivalen, Malmö, Sweden  
**August 21, 2006**

This was our first gig ever in Sweden and at the most important summer festival in the south of Sweden. We were very honored and happy to get the chance to play. I met up with Magnus, Sonja, and Michael at about 16:30. We packed the car, and Sonja and I drove over while Michael and Magnus took the bus and train to Sweden. We are not getting paid enough money to afford to rent a van, so everyone has to take the train over (150 DKK per person = $25), and Sonja and I drive my car (costs 470 DKK = $80) over the bridge, which is also not cheap! Anyway, we had no problems finding the place, and Ola and Sebastian were already there waiting for us, having a beer.

We checked out the stage, the sound and light system, ate some food, and went to check out the band *Dungen*. We met up with all our friends, including the other members of the OSC (Tobias, Kaufmann, Jocke), who unfortunately would not get to play with us as we had such a short set. Dungen was quite good as usual. This was my fourth time seeing them. Great and original guitar player. After Dungen, the rest of the crew started showing up, and everyone was in a great mood. We hung out and talked with our friends while we waited and listened to Reverend Vince Anderson from Brooklyn, NY. He played pretty cool gospel blues and told stories. He was very entertaining.

At 21:20, we hit the stage and started setting up the gear. It all went pretty smoothly, and we were sitting around talking. We only had a monitor and line check with Beatte, no real soundcheck. I went and changed into my alien mask and orange jumpsuit, and we hit the stage at 22 sharp, starting with some space sounds and then straight into a sort of folky riff in G by Sebastian. 

The first jam was about finding our feet, so to speak, and trying to get the monitor sound right. I could hear everything except Magnus. It was not loud on the stage at all, which was really nice. I dedicated the first piece to a young kid who was hanging out at the front during soundcheck and wanted a song dedicated to him, but he wasn’t even there when we played. Ha... probably out sniffing glue. Anyway, the 60 minutes went by really fast, but it was a cool, laid-back set. I never felt like we reached peak intensity but just played well. Very spacey synths. 

Ola had a new Kaoss Pad 2 and played the Fender Rhodes a little bit. This was the first time he’d had that at a jam session in a long time. Unfortunately, he couldn’t hear it in the monitor and never got it high enough, so he played it only a little. The last jam was the best, and we really had a cool groove going that we had to cut short... damn. Anyway, it was a great 60-minute set. Everyone we talked to really liked it as well. We sold a few CDs, one shirt, and passed out a lot of flyers.

We hung out for an hour, and then Sonja and I drove back while everyone else stayed to party in Malmö!

---

### CD Tracks  

**CD1**  
1. Who's Philip?  
2. Occular Orgasm  
3. Frogshoes  
4. 4th Trip  
5. Festival Jam  
